Ma'am, there's an old saying.
God wants people to die.
Gotta make it crazy
Do you think he's a dead man now?
It is true that Liu Xiangxi is still very accurate.
Ma'am.
You really don't know life and death.
If you don't stick to Liu Xiang
You were soon beaten to death by me.
Ly Van Hieu, I have raised you for over 20 years.
Give me all I can give
You want to beat me to death.
Okay.
Let's just say that Li Huining looked at me.
It's a white-eyed wolf.
Princess Dai Xia
If you let her know that you have abandoned me like a pair of shoes because of your clinging to power.
You have to beat me to death and throw it to the dogs.
I wonder if your throne can be kept?
Van Hieu, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Just calm down.
The current advantage is on our side.
Don't be misled by this rural woman's words.
Except Save the Field and Van Axis Save.
The rest are on our side.
It's called money.
Three people become tigers.
The princess will believe what this woman says.
Or did her son choose for himself?
Ha ha ha.
Who was the first princess?
Would you impress an old country woman?
Moreover, if the noble people here work together
Even Your Majesty must abstain from three parts.
The princess will be a bad woman.
Strong support
Your parents are right.
Sure, ginger is still old and spicy.
Haha, the son-in-law will be on the political scene later.
You two need more care.
The son-in-law is over.
Young and promising son-in-law
The future is even more limitless.
We should help each other.
Ha ha ha ha ha
Laugh.
Laugh as much as you like.
You won't be laughing in a while.
Save School Canh
Don't think I can't deal with you.
In the future, I have many ways.
You pass today's level first and talk later.
The Clown
You.
Yes.
Your Majesty has orders.
Ly Van Hieu was ungrateful.
On the contrary.
Abolish the throne of King An Ninh
Assigned to Prime Minister Luu Truong Canh handle.